Add more context and links to app dev docs (#1149)
hyperledger-labs/splice: docs/src/app_dev/overview/index.rst

Overview
========

Canton Network Applications
---------------------------

`Canton Network applications <https://docs.digitalasset.com/build/3.3/overview/introduction>`__
are used to operate business processes spanning
multiple organizations or business entities.
Use the following documentation to build Canton Network applications and get them featured on the Canton Network:

.. TODO(#1156): link to https://docs.digitalasset.com/build/current/ instead of 3.4 when it is available

* Learn to build Canton Network applications from the tutorials, how-tos, explanations, and reference documentation at
  https://docs.digitalasset.com/build/3.3/
* Browse the currently featured apps: https://sync.global/featured-apps/
* Request an app to be featured: https://sync.global/featured-app-request/
* Learn about ongoing CIPs to feature apps from the CIP mailing list (and consider joining the list): https://lists.sync.global/g/cip-discuss/topics

> * Learn about the rationale for featuring an app from the CIP repository: https://github.com/global-synchronizer-foundation/cips

Reviewer: there are so many cips in there, might wanna link to something specific. I'm not sure which one you mean tbh

Author: Good point. I've actually found that there are no CIPs for featuring an app. Let me dig further where the applications are published.

* Join the app development discussion in the `#gsf-global-synchronizer-appdev <https://app.slack.com/client/T03T53E10/C08FQRCRFUN>`__
  Slack channel by sending a request to operations@sync.global for your Slack organization to be added to the channel.

RPC APIs Overview
-----------------

When building an application for the Canton Network,
you will typically integrate with some of the HTTP or gRPC APIs provided by the Global Synchronizer and Validator Nodes.
Use the guidance below to learn which ones to use and how to use them.

* Use the :ref:`app_dev_ledger_api` to access the view of the ledger as seen by the parties hosted on a Validator Node and submit transaction to the ledger.
* Use the :ref:`app_dev_scan_api` to access the view of the ledger and its infrastructure as seen by all SV Nodes.
  Note that this view is the one visible to the DSO party and does not includes any of the data that is private to the parties hosted on Validator Nodes.

>   Use the :ref:`app_dev_ledger_api` to access that data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the :ref:`app_dev_ledger_api` to access the data of parties hosted on the Validator Node.
```

RPC APIs Overview
-----------------

When building an application for the Canton Network,
you will typically integrate with some of the HTTP or gRPC APIs provided by the Global Synchronizer and Validator Nodes.
Use the guidance below to learn which ones to use and how to use them.

* Use the :ref:`app_dev_ledger_api` to access the view of the ledger as seen by the parties hosted on a Validator Node and submit transaction to the ledger.
* Use the :ref:`app_dev_scan_api` to access the view of the ledger and its infrastructure as seen by all SV Nodes.
  Note that this view is the one visible to the DSO party and does not include any of the data that is private to the parties hosted on Validator Nodes.
  Use the :ref:`app_dev_ledger_api` to access the data of parties hosted on the Validator Node.
* Use the :ref:`app_dev_validator_api` to access higher-level functionality provided by the
  Splice Validator App running alongside the Canton Participant node in a
  Validator Node.

See the :ref:`validator-network-diagram` for details on the components running as part of a Validator Node's and the APIs they provide.

Splice Daml APIs Overview
-------------------------

> Splice defines Daml APIs that decouple different applications on the Canton Network.

Reviewer 2: I find this sentence confusing:  "Splice defines Daml APIs that decouple different applications on the Canton Network."

My mental model is that "Splice includes interoperability standards that are intended to reduce coupling between applications.  These standards and reference implementations are provided as Daml models."

I find the decoupling is a secondary aspect that is an intended side-effect.
